GET http://localhost:8080/contacts
# the request above returns a json object with all contacts data for mongodb database. No database is connected.

###
GET http://localhost:8080/contacts/63fd55e7498e0e699817d85d
# the request above returns a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. No database is connected.

###
POST http://localhost:8080/contacts HTTP/1.1 content-type: application/json

{
    "firstName": "Rony",
    "lastName": "Mondal",
    "email": "rony@email.com",
    "favoritecolor": "red",
    "birthdate": "1990-01-01"
}

# the request above creates a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. No database is connected.
###
PUT http://localhost:8080/contacts/6400191c5671f6eee813dfa1 HTTP/1.1 content-type: application/json

{
    "firstName": "Rony Nickson",
    "lastName": "Mondal",
    "email": "ronyn@email.com",
    "favoritecolor": "black",
    "birthdate": "1990-04-03"
}

# the request above updates a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. No database is connected.

###
DELETE http://localhost:8080/contacts/64001158865b9c67796c730c HTTP/1.1

# the request above deletes a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. No database is connected.

###
GET https://cse-341-lesson-3.onrender.com/contacts
# the request above returns a json object with all contacts data for mongodb database. Database is connected.

###
GET https://cse-341-lesson-3.onrender.com/contacts/63fd55e7498e0e699817d85d
# the request above returns a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. Database is connected.

###
POST https://cse-341-lesson-3.onrender.com/contacts HTTP/1.1 content-type: application/json

{
    "firstName": "Rony",
    "lastName": "Mondal",
    "email": "rony@email.com",
    "favoritecolor": "red",
    "birthdate": "1990-01-01"
}

# the request above creates a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. Database is connected.

###
PUT https://cse-341-lesson-3.onrender.com/contacts/64001ca3e41ebe86cfa2823a HTTP/1.1 content-type: application/json

{
    "firstName": "Rony Nickson",
    "lastName": "Mondal",
    "email": "ronyn@email.com",
    "favoritecolor": "black",
    "birthdate": "1990-04-03"
}

# the request above updates a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. Database is connected.

###
DELETE https://cse-341-lesson-3.onrender.com/contacts/64001ca3e41ebe86cfa2823a HTTP/1.1

# the request above deletes a json object with a single contact data for mongodb database. Database is connected.




